hey what's up guys this is just a quick
little reminder before the video begins
that this is not actually my creation
it's created by an in real life friend
called you having fun link will be in
description if you can go ahead check
out his channel you know getting out
there is starting up and yeah it's got a
lot of videos featuring me in it
including this one but yep thought I'd
let you guys know that anyway enjoy the
video and I'll see you guys later are we
well I have a great time holy shit jump
out i believe i can fly i believe i
survived no fuck that you're gonna stand
in the middle of the road jokes
they're amazing of a turd fallen into
the toilet I don't know why just reminds
me of a shit oh wow thing he's a hacker
he's got some bitch in a bikini oh I got
the vegetable bill I kill you or blue
bitch but you know shit ah I'm what the
fuck red got in here was on that killed
me he's not cool was it here
I think it's fine cat paddle this I just
can't handle it anymore don't think it
then I just can't goodbye cruel world my
life is flashing before my eyes
again done at the type of sad piano song
when you to go and try and get in that
red car it's lethal if you can get in it
slip right whoa job all these got a horn
constantly on